First and foremost, I have to thank my research supervisors, \[Ms Name Surname\], \[Mr Name Surname\] and \[Ms Name Surname\]. Without their assistance and dedicated involvement in every step throughout the process, this paper would have never been accomplished. I would like to thank you very much for your support and understanding over these past four years.

I would also like to show gratitude to my committee, including \[Ms Name Surname\], \[Ms Name Surname\], \[Ms Name Surname\], \[Mr. Name Surname\] and \[Ms Name Surname\]. \[Ms Name Surname\]was my first-year \[subject\] professor at \[Name \]University. Her teaching style and enthusiasm for the topic made a strong impression on me and I have always carried positive memories of her classes with me. I discussed early versions of the \[Name of the subject\] with \[Mr. Name Surname\]. She raised many precious points in our discussion and I hope that I have managed to address several of them here. Even though I have not had the opportunity to work with \[Mr. Name Surname\], \[Mr. Name Surname\], or \[Ms Name Surname\], previously, the impact of their work on my own study is obvious throughout this dissertation.

In March 2012, I went to \[Name\] University for several weeks to study with \[Ms Name Surname\]. My time at \[Name\] University has been highly productive and working with \[Ms Surname\] was an extraordinary experience. Much of the analysis presented in Section III is owed to my time at \[Name of the University\]. \[Mr Name Surname\] at the \[Name\] University kindly assisted me with the statistical analysis in this dissertation and was very patient with my knowledge gaps in the area. I must also thank two colleagues at the Department of \[Name\], \[Name Surname\] and \[Name Surname\], for giving me the retreat to have this thesis rushed to the printer.

Getting through my dissertation required more than academic support, and I have many, many people to thank for listening to and, at times, having to tolerate me over the past three years. I cannot begin to express my gratitude and appreciation for their friendship. \[Name Surname\], Name Surname\], \[Name Surname\] and \[Name Surname\] have been unwavering in their personal and professional support during the time I spent at the University. For many memorable evenings out and in, I must thank everyone above as well as \[Name Surname\], \[Name Surname\] and \[Name Surname\]. I would also like to thank \[Name Surname\] who opened both her home and heart to me when I first arrived in the city.

Most importantly, none of this could have happened without my family. My grandmother, who offered her encouragement through phone calls and letters every week – despite my own limited devotion to correspondence. With her own brand of humor, \[Name Surname\] has been kind and supportive to me over the last several years. To my parents and my sister – it would be an understatement to say that, as a family, we have experienced some ups and downs in the past three years. Every time I was ready to quit, you did not let me and I am forever grateful. This dissertation stands as a testament to your unconditional love and encouragement.